What did you learn during this project?
Terence Wang: I learned how to crawl data, including regular expressions and xpath.  Of course, I also learned how to write code clearly, how to debug, and how to properly allocate time and work.
Claire Shiyu Chen: I learned the whole process of developing a programming project, including separating workload, scheduling deadlines, write user guide…… Also, the most important, data crawling technique.
Dongfeng Li: What I learnt is web design technique and data visualization. In addition, learning to use resources online is also an important lesson for me. I tried to write code from none, but I soon realized it is impossible in such a short time. So I searched for resources. And I found quite a lot: blogs, websites, and so on. 
 
What did you enjoy during this project?
Terence Wang: I've never worked on a programming development project like this before, and it was a new experience. I feel a sense of accomplishment when I learn something new. Although my lack of familiarity with the development led me to write a lot of bugs, fortunately, I finally found a way to fix them. I was glad to see myself overcome these difficulties. After the study, I will continue to study in this direction.
Claire Shiyu Chen: I enjoy almost all the time doing this project, especially when seeing our program working successfully. I feel every effort is meaningful at that time. Also, the process of learning new skills is also satisfied. At this time, I firstly contact with Data-crawling technique that I think is so powerful and useful, and I will keep digging into this field after the project finished. 
Dongfeng Li: Mostly knowledge in addition to a little leadership on how to do a programming project. In fact, almost all of us three had no experience on programming a complete project. I was the one who was more aware of how to do and what to do for a project. But none of us know the implementation of any specific details that will be used in our project. So I designed many graphs and text on photo and tried to convey to my teammates about how to do this project step by step. It was quite fun.(Although my drawing is SO poor.XD)
 
What did you find challenging or frustrating during this project?
Claire Shiyu Chen: The first challenge is to finish a project with new technologies in a short time. Though the given time of this project is long, we spend too much time in the preparation stage. Also, this project has quite a large workload, but fortunately, we have three people to share. The most frustrating part must be debugging. As data crawling is a sensitive technique and we are new to it, we were restricted to access google scholar when testing our app.
Terence Wang: Because we were not familiar with the project, we spent a long time learning the preparatory content before we found that some of the anticipated assumptions were difficult to achieve. It's frustrating because it means we can't do a good job. At the same time, we have no time to choose other projects, so the final completion stage is a big challenge for us.
Dongfeng Li: I believe the whole project is quite challenging because we do not have any knowledge about this kind of project. We need to study from the very beginning.  And we wanted to finish so many functions that we once thought were impossible to finish them. And nothing is more frustrating than seeing the BIG RED ‘crawling error!’ Because Google has strict restrictions about IP. So 429 is the most frequent number we see these days, even more than that of we see the deadline’s date. It’s annoying but, fortunately, we overcame it.

What did you find particularly helpful for your learning during this project?
Claire Shiyu Chen: Youtube videos! There are many data crawling tutorials for every level learner. I chose a crash course and it helped me quickly acquire needed knowledge and start coding.
Dongfeng Li: So many online tutorials and resources. And modules indeed help a lot! It saves quite a lot of time and can produce really awesome results by giving codes. Meanwhile, knowing the coding details and other specific stuff is also important.
Terence Wang: Computer geeks leave detailed tutorials on web pages and forums. Luckily, I found them. Through study and comparison, I found the easiest way to practice our project.
